# Subset of questions from Stanford's Question Answering dev dataset.
# https://rajpurkar.github.io/SQuAD-explorer/
#
# License for this work is per the original dataset linked above.
# https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/legalcode
In what country is Normandy located?
When were the Normans in Normandy?
From which countries did the Norse originate?
Who was the Norse leader?
What century did the Normans first gain their separate identity?
Who gave their name to Normandy in the 1000's and 1100's
What is France a region of?
Who did King Charles III swear fealty to?
When did the Frankish identity emerge?
Who was the duke in the battle of Hastings?
Who ruled the duchy of Normandy
What religion were the Normans
What type of major impact did the Norman dynasty have on modern Europe?
Who was famed for their Christian spirit?
Who assimilted the Roman language?
Who ruled the country of Normandy?
What principality did William the conquerer found?
What is the original meaning of the word Norman?
When was the Latin version of the word Norman first recorded?
What name comes from the English words Normans/Normanz?
When was the French version of the word Norman first recorded?
When was the Duchy of Normandy founded?
Who did Rollo sign the treaty of Saint-Clair-sur-Epte with?
What river originally bounded the Duchy
when did Nors encampments ivolve into destructive incursions?
What treaty was established in the 9th century?
Who established a treaty with King Charles the third of France?
What did the French promises to protect Rollo and his men from?
Who upon arriving gave the original viking settlers a common identity?
When did Rollo begin to arrive in Normandy?
What Viking groups were conquered by Rollo?
What was the Norman religion?
What part of France were the Normans located?
What was replace with the Norse religion?
What did maternal Old Norse traditions merge with?
What language replaced the Gallo-Romance language?
What was one of the Norman's major exports?
Who adopted the fuedel doctrines of the Normans?
What was one of the Norman's major imports?
Who's arristocracy eventually served as avid Crusaders?
Who was the Normans' main enemy in Italy, the Byzantine Empire and Armenia?
Who entered Italy soon after the Byzantine Empire?
Who did the Normans fight in Italy?
Who did the Normans encourage to come to the south?
During what campaign did the Vargian and Lombard fight?
When did Herve serve as a Byzantine general?
When did Robert Crispin go up against the Turks?
Who ruined Roussel de Bailleul's plans for an independent state?
Who was the first Byzantine mercenary to serve with the Normans?
When did Herve serve as a Norman general?
Who ruined Alexius Komnenos plans for an independent state?
When did Herve go up against the Turks?
What was the name of the Norman castle?
Who was the leader when the Franks entered the Euphrates valley?
Who did the Normans team up with in Anatolia?
Who joined Norman forces in the destruction of the Armenians?
Who did the Turks take up service with?
What Frank led Norman forces?
Where did Oursel lead the Franks?
What were the origins of the Raouliii family?
Where were several Norman mercenary familes originate from?
Who did the Normans serve under in the 10th century?
What expedition did George Maniaces lead in the 10th century?
What was the name of the count of Apulia 
When did Dyrrachium  fall to the Normans?
How many men were in Robert's army?
Who ultimatly drove the Byzantines out of Europe?
What pope opposed Roberts campaign?
What fell to the Normans in the 10th century?
How many men did Roberts army face?
Where did the Normans and Byzantines sign the peace treaty?
Who was Robert's son?
What river was Petrela located by?
Who did the Normans besiege in the 11th century?
Who did Robert lead agains Dyrrachium in 1107?
Who was Bohemond's son?
When did the Normans attack Dyrrachium?
What was the naval base called?
Where was Dyrrachium located?
Who attacked Dyrrachium in the 11th century?
Who betrayed the Normans?
What naval base fell to the Normans?
Who did Emma Marry?
Who was Emma's brother?
To where did Ethelred flee?
Who kicked Ethelred out?
Who married Cnut the Great?
When did Richard II flee to Normandy?
Who's major ports were controlled by the English?
Who was Edward the Confessor's half-brother?
When did Edward return?
Who did Edward make archbishop of Canterbury?
When did Edward the Confessor's son return from his fathers refuge?
What kind of force did Harthacnut establish?
Who made Robert of Jumieges earl of Hereford?
Where did Harold II die?
Who killed Harold II? 
When was the Battle of Hastings?
Who was the ruling class ahead of the Normans?
When did King Harold II conquer England?
What battle took place in the 10th century?
Who replaced the Normans as the ruling class?
Who considered their land on the continent their most important holding?
What was the Anglo-Norman language's final form?
Who identified themselves as French during the Hundred Years War?
What was absorbed into the Anglo-Norman language?
Who made fun of the Latin language?
In what year did the Norman's invade at Bannow Bay?
What country did the Normans invade in 1169?
What culture did the Normans combine with in Ireland?
Where did the Normans invade in the 11th century?
Who did the Irish culture have a profound effect on?
What castles were built by the Irish?
Who was Margaret's brother?
Who was Margaret's husband?
When was Scotland invaded by William?
Who was the hostage?
Who did Edgar marry?
Who invaded Scotland in the 10th century?
Who did the Scotish king take hostage?
Who did Alexander I marry?
What culture's arrival in Scotland is know as the "Davidian Revolution"?
Who did King David I of Scotland Marry?
What did Sybilla of Normandy introduce to Scotland?
Where was Ralph earl of?
Who was Ralph in charge of being at war with?
Who made Ralph earl?
Who came into contact with Wales after the conquest of England?
Who made Edward the Confessor Earl?
What country was under the control of Norman barons?
What came under Williams dominace before the conquest?
What Welsh lords did William conquer?
What year did Roger de Tosny fail to accomplish what he set out to do?
Who was in charge of the papal army in the War of Barbastro?
Where did the Normans carve out a principality before the First Crusade?
What did the Normans take part in in the 10th century?
Who carved out a state for himself from Moorish lands?
What war occured in the 1oth century?
When did the Siege of Antioch take place?
What was the name of Bohemond's nephew?
What major conquest did Tancred play a roll in?
When did Tancred lay siege to Antioch?
What was the name of Tancred's nephew?
How long did Western Europe control Cyprus?
Who defeated Anglo-Norman forces during the third Crusade?
Who dominated Western Europe for 380 years?
What ruined Richard's plans to reach Acre?
Who was Richard's fiancee?
What year did the storm hit Richard's fleet?
Who ruled Cyprus in 1191?
Who left Messina in the 11th century?
What year did Richards fleet avoid a storm?
Who ruled Cyprus in the 11th century?
Who was Guy's Rival?
What were Isaac's chains made out of?
Who led Richard's troops when Cyprus was conquered?
Who's chains were made out of copper?
Who led Issacs troops to Cyprus?
Who offered Issac his daughter?
What continent are the Canarian Islands off the coast of?
Who conquered the Canary Island in the 14th century?
What Islands are of the coast of Asia?
Who became the King of the Canary Islands?
Who bought the rights?
Who sold the rights?
What title did Henry II take in the Canary Island?
Who sold the rights to the island in the 14th century?
Where are Jersey and Guernsey
How many customaries does Norman customary law have?
What Norman law wasdeveloped between 1000 and 1300?
What law has 3 customeries?
What was authored in the 12th century?
What is the Norman architecture idiom?
What kind of arches does Norman architecture have?
What type of arch did the Normans invent?
What architecture type came after Norman in England?
What architecture type came before Norman in England?
What place had the Norman Arab architectural style?
What precedes the period of Anglo-Saxon architecture?
What architecture type came after Early Gothic?
Who incorperated Islamic, LOmbard, and Byzantine building techniques in England?
When did the church reform begin?
Who used the church to unify themselves?
What kind of art did the Normans have a rich tradition of?
Who began a program of church reform in the 1100s
Who was divided by the church?
Who experienced aa golden age in the 1100s and 1200s
When were the French wars of religion?
What wars did France fight in the 1600s?
What revolution was fought in the 1899's?
What kind of needlework was used in the creation of the Bayeux Tapestry?
What is Norman art's most well known piece?
Who commissioned the Tapestry?
What is the oldest work of Norman art?
Who commissioned Danish vikings to create the Bayeux Tapestry?
What is the most important type of Norman art preserved in churches?
How has British art survived in Normandy?
What is the most common form of Norman art in churches?
What was a centre of ivorywork in the 1100s?
In what century did important classical music developments occur in Normandy?
Who were the two abbots at Fécamp Abbey?
What developed in Normandy during the 1100s?
What was Fecamp Abby the center of?
Where did the monks flee to?
What monastery did the Saint-Evroul monks establish in Italy?
Who patronized the monks in Italy? 
What tradition were the Saint-Evroul monks known for?
Who fled from southern Italy?
What branch of theoretical computer science deals with broadly classifying computational problems by difficulty and class of relationship?
By what main attribute are computational problems classified utilizing computational complexity theory? 
What is the term for a task that generally lends itself to being solved by a computer?
What is computational complexity principle?
What branch of theoretical computer class deals with broadly classifying computational problems by difficulty and class of relationship?
What is understood to be a task that is in principle not amendable to being solved by a computer?
 What cannot be solved by mechanical application of mathematical steps?
What is a manual application of mathematical steps?
What measure of a computational problem broadly defines the inherent difficulty of the solution?
What method is used to intuitively assess or quantify the amount of resources required to solve a computational problem?
What are two basic primary resources used to guage complexity?
What unit is measured to determine circuit complexity?
What practical role does defining the complexity of problems play in everyday computing?
What measure of computational problem broadly defines the inherent simplicity of the solution?
What method is not used to intuitively assess or quantify the amount of resources required to solve a computational problem??
What are three basic primary resources used to gauge complexity?
What unit is measured to determine circuit simplicity?
What number is used in perpendicular computing?
What two fields of theoretical computer science closely mirror computational complexity theory?
What field of computer science analyzes the resource requirements of a specific algorithm isolated unto itself within a given problem?
What field of computer science analyzes all possible algorithms in aggregate to determine the resource requirements needed to solve to a given problem?  
What field of computer science is primarily concerned with determining the likelihood of whether or not a problem can ultimately be solved using algorithms?
What are two fields of theoretical computer science that closely mirror computational simplicity theory?
What is not the key distinction between analysis of algorithms and computational complexity theory?
What is the process of analyzing the amount of resources needed by a particular algorithm to solve a hypothesis?
What is the process that asks a more specific question about all possible algorithms that could not be used to solve the same problem?
What process classifies problems that can and cannot be solved with approximately unlimited resources?
What is the name given to the input string of a computational problem?
In computational complexity theory, what is the term given to describe the baseline abstract question needing to be solved? 
Is a problem instance typically characterized as abstract or concrete?
What is another name for any given measure of input associated with a problem?
What is the general term used to describe the output to any given input in a problem instance?
What can be viewed as a limited collection of instances together with a solution for every instance?
What is the name given to the input string of a computational solution?
What term refers to the concrete question to be solved?
What is the output corresponding to the given question?
What is a particular measure input associated with the a theory?
By how many kilometers does the traveling salesman problem seek to classify a route between the 15 largest cities in Germany?
What is one example of an instance that the quantitative answer to the traveling salesman problem fails to answer?
What does computational complexity theory most specifically seek to answer? 
How many miles does the traveling salesman problem seek to classify a route between the 15 smallest cities in Germany?
What is the qualitative answer to this particular problem instance?
What is one example of an instance that the qualitative answer to the traveling salesman fails to answer?
What does computational simplicity theory most specifically seek to answer?
In a computational problem, what can be described as a string over an alphabet?
What is the name of the alphabet is most commonly used in a problem instance?
What is another term for the string of a problem instance?
In the encoding of mathematical objects, what is the way in which integers are commonly expressed?
What is one way in which graphs can be encoded? 
What is a string over a Greek number when considering a computational problem?
What is the name of the alphabet that is rarely used in a problem instance?
What is another term for the the string of a problem question?
What is represented by non-binary notation in the encoding of mathematical objects?
How can graphs be encoded indirectly?
What kind of problems are one of the main topics studied in computational complexity theory?
What are the two simple word responses to a decision problem?
What are the two integer responses to a decision problem?
What will the output be for a member of the language of a decision problem?
What answer denotes that an algorithm has accepted an input string?
What kind of solutions are one of the central objects of study in computational complexity theory?
What is a typical type of computational problem whose answer is either yer or no?
What can be viewed as an informal language where the language instances whose input is yes?
What are the three integer responses to a decision problem?
What answer denotes that a solution has accepted an input string?
What kind of graph is an example of an input used in a decision problem?
What is the term for the set of all connected graphs related to this decision problem?
What encoding decision needs to be made in order to determine an exact definition of the formal language?
What type of graph is an example of an output used in a decision problem?
What is the term for the set of all unconnected graphs related to this decision problem?
What encoding decision needs to be made in order to determine an inaccurate definition of the formal language? 
How does one obtain an indefinite definition of this language?
A function problem is an example of what?
How many outputs are expected for each input in a function problem?
The traveling salesman problem is an example of what type of problem?
In addition to the traveling salesman problem, what is another example of a function problem?
Is the output of a functional problem typically characterized by a simple or complex answer?
What is a computational solution where a single input is expected for every input?
What is expected where a computational problems offers multiple outputs are expected for every input?
What is a function solution an example of?
What are other irrelevant examples of a function problem>
Is the output of a functional solution typically characterized by a simple or complex answer?
How can function problems typically be restated?
If two integers are multiplied and output a value, what is this expression set called?
What can not be restated as decision problems?
What is the expression set called where three integers are multiplied?
What corresponds to solving the problem of multiplying three numbers/
What is a commonly used measurement used to determine the complexity of a computational problem?
What is one variable on which the running time may be contingent?
How is the time needed to obtain the solution to a problem calculated?
In what unit is the size of the input measured?
Complexity theory seeks to define the relationship between the scale of algorithms with respect to what other variable?
How does one measure the simplicity of a computational problem?
What is one variable which the running of time be not be contingent?
How is the time needed to obtain the question to a problem calculated?
What is  interested in how algorithms scale with a decrease in the input size?
How is time not required to solve a problem calculated?
Whose thesis states that the solution to a problem is solvable with reasonable resources assuming it allows for a polynomial time algorithm?
If input size is is equal to n, what can respectively be assumed is the function of n?
What term corresponds to the maximum measurement of time across all functions of n? 
How is worst-case time complexity written as an expression?
Assuming that T represents a polynomial in T(n), what is the term given to the corresponding algorithm?
How is time taken expressed as a function of x?
Whose hypothesis states the the solution to a problem is solvable with reasonable resources assuming it allows for monoinomial time algorithm?
What term corresponds to the minimum measurement of the time across all functions of n?
How is best-case time complexity written as an expression?
What is the term given to the corresponding algorithm assuming that T represents a mononominal in T(n)?
What is the term for a mathematical model that theoretically represents a general computing machine?
It is generally assumed that a Turing machine can solve anything capable of also being solved using what?
What is the most commonplace model utilized in complexity theory?
What does a Turing machine handle on a strip of tape?
What a scientific model of a general computing machine?
What is a scientific device that manipulates symbols contained on a strip of tape?
What are intended as a practical computing technology?
What is a scientific experiment that can solve a problem by algorithms?
What is generally considered to be the most basic iteration of a Turing machine?
What fixed set of factors determine the actions of a deterministic Turing machine
What is the term used to identify a deterministic Turing machine that has additional random bits?
What type of Turing machine is capable of multiple actions and extends into a variety of computational paths?
What is the term given to algorithms that utilize random bits?
What uses a flexible set of rules to determine its future actions?
What is a deterministic Turing machine with an extra supply of random ribbons?
What does not often help algorithms solve problems more efficiently?
Which machine allows the machine to have multiple possible past actions from a given state?
How is one way that one should not view non-determinism?
Turing machines are commonly employed to define what? 
What are two factors that directly effect how powerful a Turing machine may or may not be?
In the determination of complexity classes, what are two examples of types of Turing machines?
What are many types of Turing machines not used for?
What are three factors that directly effect how powerful a Turing machine may or may not be?
What machines are not equally powerful in principle?
What may not be more powerful than others when the resources of time or space of considered?
What is an example of a machine model that deviates from a generally accepted multi-tape Turing machine?
In considering Turing machines and alternate variables, what measurement left unaffected by conversion between machine models? 
What two resources commonly consumed by alternate models are typically known to vary?
What commonality do alternate machine models, such as random access machines, share with Turing machines?
What is not an example of a machine model that deviates from a generally accepted multi-tape Turing machine?
What measurement is affected by conversion between machine models?
What two resources are uncommonly consumed by alternate models and are typically known to vary?
What do all these models not have in common?
What type of Turing machine can be characterized by checking multiple possibilities at the same time?
What often affects or facilitates ease of analysis in computational problems?
A non-deterministic Turing machine has the ability to capture what facet of useful analysis?
What is the most critical resource in the analysis of computational problems associated with non-deterministic Turing machines?
What is harder to analyze in terms of more unusual resources?
What type of machine is a computational model that is not allowed to branch out to check many different possibilities at once?
What has a lot to do with how we physically want to compute algorithms?
What machine's branching does not exactly capture many of the mathematical models we want to analyze?
What is the least critical resource in the analysis of computational problems associated with non-deterministic Turing machines?
The time required to output an answer on a deterministic Turing machine is expressed as what?
Complexity theory classifies problems based on what primary attribute?
What is the expression used to identify any given series of problems capable of being solved within time on a deterministic Turing machine?
What is the most critical resource measured to in assessing the determination of a Turing machine's ability to solve any given set of problems?
What is not used for a precise definition of what it means to solve a problem using a given amount of time and space?
How is Turing machine M said not to operate?
What is the expression used to identify any given series of solutions capable of being solved within time on a deterministic Turing machine?
What is the least critical resource measured in assessing the determination of a Turing machine's ability to solve any given set of problems?
How can decision problem B be solved in time x(f)?
Time and space are both examples of what type of resource?
A complexity resource can also be described as what other type of resource?
What is typically used to broadly define complexity measures?
Communication complexity is an example of what type of measure?
Decision tree is an example of what type of measure?
What can not be made for space requirements?
What are the least well known complexity resources?
How are complexity measures generally not defined?
What are other complexity measures not used in complexity theory?
What type of measure is communication complexity not an example of?
What are the three primary expressions used to represent case complexity?
Case complexity likelihoods provide variable probabilities of what general measure? 
What is one common example of a critical complexity measure?
Case complexities provide three likelihoods of what differing variable that remains the same size? 
What are the three secondary expressions used to represent case complexity? 
What three different ways are used to measure space complexity?
What is one not common example of a critical complexity measure?
What differing variable remains the same size when providing the four likelihoods of case complexities?
What provides a solution to a list of integers provided as input that ned to be sorted?
When extensive time is required to sort integers, this represents what case complexity?
What is the expression used to denote a worst case complexity as expressed by time taken?
What does not solve the problem of sorting a list of integers that is given as the input?
What does the deterministic parting algorithm quicksort do?
What case complexity is represented when limited time is required to sort integers?
What is the expression not used to denote worst case complexity as expressed by time taken?
What case complexity is represented when each pivoting divides the list in thirds, also needing O(n log n) time?
Classification of resources is contingent on determining the upper and lower bounds of minimum time required by what?  
The analysis of a specific algorithm is typically assigned to what field of computational science?
Which bound of time is more difficult to establish?
A specific algorithm demonstrating T(n) represents what measure of time complexity?
What is the colloquial phrase used to convey the continuum of algorithms with unlimited availability irrespective of time? 
How does one note classify the computation time (or similar resources)?
What is usually taken as the best case complexity, unless specified otherwise?
What does not fall under the field of analysis of algorithms>
When does one not need to show only that there is a particular algorithm running time at mons T(nO?
What is easy about proving lower bounds?
What expression is generally used to convey upper or lower bounds?
What does a big O notation hide?
How would one write T(n) = 7n2 + 15n + 40 in big O notation? 
Big O notation provides autonomy to upper and lower bounds with relationship to what? 
What is usually not stated using the big O notation?
What does not hide constant factors or smaller terms?
What makes the bounds dependent of the specific details of the computational model?
How would one abbreviate T(n)=8n2 + 16n = 40 in big O notatation?
What has complicated definitions that prevent classification into a framework?
Complexity classes are generally classified into what?
Difficulty in establishing a framework for complexity classes can be caused by what variable?
What fits the framework of complexity classes?
What has uncomplicated definitions that prevent classification into a framework?
What are complexity classes generally not classified into?
What variable is easy to establish in a framework for complexity classes?
Concrete bounding of computation time frequently produces complexity classes contingent upon what?
A multi-tape Turing machine requires what type of time for a solution?
A language solved in quadratic time implies the use of what type of Turing machine?
What thesis specifies that a polynomial relationship exists within time complexities in a computational model? 
Decision problems capable of being solved by a deterministic Turing machine while maintaining adherence to polynomial time belong to what class?
What does not often yield complexity classes that depend on the chosen machine model?
What does not frequently produce complexity classes that have concrete bounding of computation time?
What can not be solved in linear time on multi-tape Turing machine?
What is not a binary string?
What thesis specifies that a trinomial relationship exists within time complexities in a computational model?
What are two examples of measurements are bound within algorithms to establish complexity classes?
What function is used by algorithms to define measurements like time or space?
Bounding of time and space or similar measurements is often used by algorithms to define what?
What cannot be defined by bounding the time or space used the the algorithm?
What are three examples of measurement that are bound within algorithms to establish complexity classes?
What function is used by algorithms to define measurements like time and numbers?
What is often used by algorithms to measure bounding of space and atmosphere measurements?
What are three examples of complexity classes associated with definitions established by probabilistic Turing machines?
AC and NC are complexity classes typically associated with what type of circuit?
BQP and QMA are examples of complexity classes most commonly associated with what type of Turing machine?
What is the expression used to represent a complexity class of counting problems?
IP and AM are most commonly defined by what type of proof system?
What are the other four important complexity classes?
What machine does not define BPP, ZPP, and RP?
What machine does not define BQP or QMA?
What is least important complexity class of counting problems?
What system not often define classes like IP and AM/
What is an example of a measurement within a complexity class that would create a bigger set of problems if the bounds were relaxed?
In what expression can one expect to find DTIME(n)
What theorems are responsible for determining questions of time and space requirements?
Resources are constrained by hierarchy theorems to produce what?
What kind of statement is made in the effort of establishing the time and space requirements needed to enhance the ultimate number of problems solved?
What is not an example of a measurement within a complexity class that would create a bigger set of problems if the bounds were relaxed?
What does not define a bigger set of problems?
What expression does not usually contain DTIME(n)?
What does not induce a proper hierarchy on the classes defined by constraining the respective resources?
What kind of statement is not made in an effort of establishing the time and space requirements needed to enhance the ultimate number of problems solved?
What is the foundation for separation results within complexity classes?
What is responsible for constraining P according to the time hierarchy theorem?
Within what variable is L constrained according to the space hierarchy theorem?
What does not form the basis for most separation results of complexity classes?
What does the past time and space hierarchy theorems form the basis of?
What is not strictly contained in EXPTIME?
What is not strictly contained in PSPACE?
What concept is frequently used to define complexity classes?
Reduction essentially takes one problem and converts into what?
According to reduction, if X and Y can be solved by the same algorithm then X performs what function in relationship to Y?
What are two examples of different types of reduction?
Polynomial time reductions are an example of what?
What are many complexity classes not defined by?
What is defined by using the theorem of reduction?
What is a transformation of two problems into on three problems?
What captures the formal notion of a problem being at lease as difficult as another problem?
What are the six types of reductions?
What is the most frequently employed type of reduction?
What equates to a squared integer according to polynomial time reduction?
What measurement of time is used in polynomial time reduction?
What would need to remain constant in a multiplication algorithm to produce the same outcome whether multiplying or squaring two integers?  
According to polynomial time reduction squaring can ultimately be logically reduced to what?
What is the least used type of reduction?
What is the meaning of polynomial-space reduction?
What can the problem of dividing an integer be reduced to?
What does one not need to remain constant in a multiplication algorithm to produce the same outcome whether multiplying or squaring two integers?
What is more difficult that multiplication?
The complexity of problems often depends on what?
What would create a conflict between a problem X and problem C within the context of reduction? 
An algorithm for X which reduces to C would us to do what?
A problem set that that is hard for the expression NP can also be stated how?
What does the complexity of problems not often depend on?
What would not create a conflict between a problem X and problem C within the context of reduction?
What problem in C is harder than X?
How is a problem set that is hard for expression QP be stated?
The hardest problems in NP can be analogously written as what class of problems?
NP complete problems contain the lowest likelihood of being located in what problem class?
If P = NP is unsolved, and reduction is applied to a known NP-complete problem vis a vis Π2 to  Π1, what conclusion can be drawn for Π1?
If polynomial time can be utilized within an NP-complete problem, what does the imply P is equal to?
What happens if a problem X is in C, and soft for C?
What is the softest problem in C?
What is class contains the the least difficult problems in NP?
What would indicate that there is a known polynomial-time solution for Ii1?
What complexity class is characterized by a computational tasks and efficient algorithms?
What hypothesis is associated with the complexity class of P viewed as a mathematical abstraction with efficient algorithmic functionality?
What complexity class is commonly characterized by unknown algorithms to enhance solvability?
What is an example of a problem that rests within the NP complexity class?
In what theoretical machine is it confirmed that a problem in P belies membership in the NP class?
What is often seen as a scientific abstraction modeling those computational tasks that admit an efficient algorithm?
What theory is the Cobham-Edward thesis?
What complexity class is not commonly characterized by unknown algorithms to enhance solubility?
What is an example of a problem that rests within the NP simplicity class?
What ,theoretical machine did not confirm that a problem in P belies membership in the NX class?
If P is ultimately proven to be equal tot NP, what effect would this have on the efficiency of problems?
What is a particular problem in biology that would benefit from determining that P = NP?
What is the prize offered for finding a solution to P=NP?
What is one of the least important open questions in theoretical computer science?
What effect would happen if P is ultimately proven to not equal NP ?
What is a particular problem in chemistry that would benefit from determining that P = NP?
What problem was proposed by Clay Mathematics Institute at the Alpha Prize Problems?
What was the prize for finding a solution to P=NP at the the Alpha Prize Problems?
Who demonstrated that P= NP implies problems not present in P or NP-complete?
What is the name for a problem that meets Ladner's assertion?
What is an example of an NP-intermediate problem not known to exist in P or NP-complete? 
Who showed that if P=NQ then there exists problems in NQ that are neither P nor NQ-complete?
What is the name a a problem that meets Ladder's assertion?
What is not example of an NP-intermediate problem not known to exist in P or NP-complete?
What are four examples of problems believed to be NP=intermediate?
What is the problem attributed to defining if two finite graphs are isomorphic?
What class is most commonly not ascribed to the graph isomorphism problem in spite of definitive determination?
What finite hierarchy implies that the graph isomorphism problem is NP-complete? 
To what level would the polynomial time hierarchy collapse if graph isomorphism is NP-complete?
Who are commonly associated with the algorithm typically considered the most effective with respect to finite polynomial hierarchy and graph isomorphism?
What is the graph isolation problem? 
What is the problem attributed to defining if three finite graphs are isomorphic?
What is an important solved problem in complexity theory?
What infinite hierarchy implies that the graph isomorphism problem s NQ-complete?
What would the polynomial hierarchy collapse if graph isomorphism is NQ-complete?
What computational problem is commonly associated with prime factorization?
The integer factorization problem essentially seeks to determine if the value of of an input is less than what variable? 
That there currently exists no known integer factorization problem underpins what commonly used system?
What is the most well-known algorithm associated with the integer factorization problem?
What is the integer practice problem?
What computational problem is not commonly associated with prime factorization?
What problem is phrased on deciding whether the input has a factor more than k?
What problem would have polynomial time hierarchy that would collapse to its second level?
What is the least well known algorithm associated with the the integer factorization problem?
What is the unproven assumption generally ascribed to the value of complexity classes?
What is an expression that can be used to illustrate the suspected inequality of complexity classes?
Where can the complexity classes RP, BPP, PP, BQP, MA, and PH be located?
What evidence between and among complexity classes would signify a theoretical watershed for complexity theory?
What is the proven assumption generally ascribed to the value of complexity classes?
What is an expression that caan be used to illustrate the suspected in equality of complexity classes?
Where can complexity classes RPP, BPP, PPP, BQP, MA, and PH be located?
What is impossible for the complexity classes RP, BPP, PP, BQP, MA, and PH?
What would not be a major breakthrough in complexity theory?
In what complexity class do complement problems of NP problems exist?
How do the yes/no answers of a complement problem of NP appear?
What is commonly believed to be the value relationship between P and co-NP
What implication can be derived for P and NP if P and co-NP are established to be unequal?
What complexity class do incompatible problems of NP problems exist?
How do the yes/no answers of an incompatible problem of of APPEAR?
What is not commonly believed to be the value relationship between P and co-NP?
What implication can not be derived for P and NP is P and co-NP are established to be unequal?
What variable is associated with all problems solved within logarithmic space?
Though unkown, what are the most commonly ascribed attributes of L in relation to P
What lies between L and P that prevents a definitive determination of the relationship between L and P?
What are two complexity classes between L and P?
What is unknown about the complexity classes between L and P that further prevents determining the value relationship between L and P?
What variable is not associated with all problems solved within logarithmic space?
What are the least commonly ascribed attributes of L in relation to P?
What does not lie between L and P that allows a definitive determination of the relationship between L and P?
What are three complexity classes between L and P?
What is known about the complexity between L and P that prevents determining the value between L and P?
Problems capable of theoretical solutions but consuming unreasonable time in practical application are known as what?
Intractable problems lacking polynomial time solutions necessarily negate the practical efficacy of what type of algorithm?
If NP is not equal to P, viewed through this lens, what type of problems can also be considered intractable?
What are problems that cannot be solved in theory, but which in practice take too long for their solutions to be useful?
When are problems that have polynomial-tome solutions in complexity theory?
What states that only problems that cannot be solved in polynomial time can be feasibly computed on some computational device?
When would a program not be useful for very small instances and in that sense the intractability of a problem is somewhat independent of technological progress?
What algorithm is always practical?
What eponymous variation of arithmetic presents a decision problem not evidenced in P?
Despite the Presburger problem, and in view of intractability, what has been done to establish solutions in reasonable periods of time?
What is an example of a problem to which effective algorithms have provided a solution in spite of the intractability associated with the breadth of sizes?
How quickly can an algorithm solve an NP-complete knapsack problem?
What is the example of another problem characterized by large instances that is routinely solved by SAT handlers employing efficient algorithms?
What unknown variation of arithmetic presents a decision problem not evidenced in P?
What has not been done to establish solutions in reasonable period of time?
What can not solve the NP-complete knapsack problem over a wide range of sizes in less than quadratic time?
What do SAT solvers not usually handle when testing?
What tactic did researchers employ to offset the former deficit of work surrounding the complexity of algorithmic problems?
Who was the most influential researcher among those grappling with the deficit of work surrounding the complexity posed by algorithmic problems?
What theoretical device is attributed to Alan Turing?
In what year was the Alan Turing's definitional model of a computing device received?
In the most basic sense what did a Turing machine emulate?
What were laid out by various companies?
What tactic did companies employ to offset the former deficit of work surrounding the complexity of algorithmic problems?
Who was the least influential researcher working on the complexity posed by algorithmic problems?
What device did Alan Turning invent in 1974?
What was the Turning calculator a robust and flexible simplification of?
What paper is commonly considered the bellwether ushering in systematic studies computational complexity?
What individuals were responsible for authoring "On the Computational Complexity of Algorithms"?
In what year was Hatmanis and Stearn's seminal work in computational complexity received? 
What complex measurements were defined by "On the Computational Complexity of Algorithms"?
In what year did Edmond's characterize a "good" algorithm?
What seminal paper is commonly considered the beginning of sociology studies?
Who wrote "On the Computational Complexity of Science"?
What seminal paper was written by Juris Hartmanis and Richard Stearns in 1975?
What simple measurements were defined by "On the Computational Complexity of Algorithms"?
Who provided a definition of linear bounded automata in 1960?
In what year did Raymond Sullivan publish a study of rudimentary sets?
In 1962, who was responsible for the authorship of a paper published on real time-computations?
Who wrote later papers studying problems solvable by Turning machines?
Who provided a definition of linear bounded automata in 1970?
What year did Dick Sullivan publish a study on rudimentary sets?
Who wrote a paper on real time computations in 1973?
Who was pioneer and studied specific complexity measure in 1948?
What is the concrete choice typically assumed by most complexity-theoretic theorems?
In the effort of maintaining a level of abstraction, what choice is typically left independent?
What can not be achieved by ensuring different representations can transformed into each other efficiently?
What is the abstract choice typically assumed by most complexity-theoretic theorems?
What does not regularly use input coding as its concrete choice?
What choice is typically left dependent in an effort to maintain a level of abstraction?
Who is responsible for axiomatic complexity theory?
What theorem was implicated by Manuel Blum's axioms?
What is the paper written by Richard Karp in 1972 that ushered in a new era of understanding between intractability and NP-complete problems?
How many combinatory and graph theoretical problems, formerly believed to be plagued by intractability, did Karp's paper address?
Who developed an axiomatic complexity theory based on his axioms in 1974?
Who is responsible for the so-called, speed-up theorem n 1974?
Who proved that these exist practical relevant problems that are NP-complete in 1961?
Who wrote the paper "Reductibility Among Combinatorial Problems" in 1974?
What book featured 25 diverse comninatorial and graph theoretical problems each famous for its computational intractability?
What is Southern California often abbreviated as?
Despite being traditionall described as "eight counties", how many counties does this region actually have?
What is a major importance of Southern California in relation to California and the United States?
What are the ties that best described what the "eight counties" are based on?
The reasons for the las two counties to be added are based on what?
What counties does the more extensive eight county definition of SoCal include?
What additional two counties make ten counties into the traditional definition of SoCal include?
Where is the center of economic activity for the United States?
What is the name of the region that is not defined by the eight or 10 county definitions?
How many megaregions are there in the United States?
What is the name of the state that the megaregion expands to in the east?
Which border does the megaregion extend over?
What is the name of the area past the border that the megaregion extends into?
What is one of the 10 megaregions in the United States?
Where does the 8 county megaregion extend from?
What is Las Vegas one of in the United States?
Which coastline does Southern California touch?
How many metropolitan areas does Southern California's population encompass?
How many inhabitants does the Los Angeles area contain?
Which of the three heavily populated areas has the least number of inhabitants?
How many people does the Greater Los Angeles Area have?
What percent of California's 22 million people live in southern California?
What does MAS stand for?
How many people live in Riverside? 
What does CSA stand for?
What is the name of the water body that is found to the east?
What is the name of the desert on the border of Arizona?
What is the name of the desert near the border of Nevada?
What is the name of the border to the south?
What desert is to the south near Arizona?
What desert is to the south near Nevada?
What direction is the Colorado-Mexico border?
The cities of Los Angeles and San Diego are a part of which state?
What is the population of Los Angeles?
Which city is the most populous in California?
What is the eighth most populous city in the nation?
In which cardinal direction from Los Angeles is San Diego?
What are two of the three major cities located in southern California?
What city has a population of 3,792,261?
What city has a population of 1,307,204?
What second most populous city is north of Los Angeles?
Orange, San Diego, Riverside and San Bernardino make up four of the five counties. What is the name of the last county?
What country are all the counties in?
What are Los Angeles, Orange, San Diego, San Bernardino and Riverside?
What is the lowest ranking one of the counties could have in terms of most populous counties in the United States?
What is the smallest geographical region discussed?
What are the five most populous counties in the United States?
How many populous counties are in the United States?
What county are Los Angeles, Orange, San Diego, San Bernardino, and Riverside located in?
What is the name given to the district that is associated with the motion picture industry?
Which city does the Hollywood district belong to?
Which company owns ABC?
Other than the motion picture and television industry, what other major industry is centered in Los Angeles?
Other than Universal and Warner Brothers, what other company runs a major record company?
What company owns ACB?
What three industries are centered in Hollywood?
Where is Los Angeles a district of?
What major companies are headquartered in Los Angeles? 
Other than surf, what other culture is southern California home to?
What is the name of the professional skateboarder that lives in southern California?
What famous snowbaorder lives in southern California?
Southern California is second to which island in terms of famous serf breaks?
What is the shortened name of the annual yacht race that takes place?
Where are No Fear and RCVA headquartered?
Who are Rob Curran and Tim Machado?
Where does professional surfer Tony Hawk live?
What famous surfing spots is Oahu second to?
What was held at the San Diego Yacht Club from 1985 to 1998?
What is the name of the desert city?
Other than the desert city why do many locals and tourists frequent southern California?
Which region of California is Palm Springs located in?
Other than for its resort feel, what is Palm Springs popular for?
Who visits Palm Springs for the beaches?
What is the desert of southern California popular for?
Which coast is the desert on?
Geographically speaking, where is California's north - south midway point in terms of latitude?
How many miles south of San Jose is the north - south midway point located?
The term "southern" California usually refers to how many of the southern-most counties of the state?
Other than Point Conception, what landmark is used in the other definition of southern California?
Point Conception is an example of a landmark among what boundary of southern California?
What lies at 37° 8' 59.23" latitude?
What is around 18 miles south of San Jose?
What lies at 35° 48′ 27″ north latitude?
What uses Point Tehachapi and the Conception Mountains as the northern boundary?
Which country used to rule California?
Los Angeles is in the lower part of what?
Which Californio is located in the upper part?
What was the name of the legislation passed in 1850?
The legislation allowed California to be admitted to the Union as what kind of state?
What country did California once rule?
Who were there disputes between when California ruled Mexico?
What line is at 30 degrees, 36 minutes?
What was passed in 1805?
Other than land laws, what else were the Californios dissatisfied with?
What was the name given to the regions in which the pro - slavery southerners lived?
How many times did southern California attempt to achieve a separate statehood?
What was the percentage of people that voted in favor of the Pico Act of 1859?
Which Senator was a strong advocate for the Pico Act?
Who attempted to achieve a separate statehood in 1805?
What was passed in 1895?
Who was the governor of California in 1895?
Who was elected in 1859?
What title did Latham Milton hold?
Which newspaper defined southern California?
In which year did the newspaper define southern California?
In which year did the newspaper change its previous definition?
What was the newer county added to the list?
How many counties initially made up the definition of southern California?
How did the Los Angeles Times define southern California in 1909?
What did the Los Angeles Times add to the definition of southern California in 1990?
What did the California Times define twice?
Which organizations most commonly divide and promote the state?
Other than the Automobile Club of Southern California, what other AAA Auto Club chose to simplify the divide?
The two AAA clubs divided the state into a northern and southern California as opposed to what point of view?
Which mountain range influenced the split of the regions?
In the definition based off the mountain range, which region would the desert portions of north Los Angeles County be included in?
What type of club is the California Automobile State Association?
What type of club is the Southern California Automobile Club?
What type of phrase is North of the Tehachapis?
What type of groups divides California into only north and central regions?
Where does southern California's megalopolis standard in terms of population nationwide?
Although southern california consts of a heavily developed urban environment, how much of it has been left undeveloped?
Southern Californian communities are well known to be large, spread - out, and what other characteristic?
Outside of its use of automobiles, what else is southern California famous for using?
What kind of region can be found inside the urban area of southern California?
What are the second and third most populated megalopolis after Southern California?
What are the dominant areas of Los Angeles?
What international metropolitan region is in the Northeastern megalopolis?
What is the main gap to continued urbanization?
Other than the San Diego metropolitan area, what other area are the communities along Interstates 15 and 215 connected with?
Who considers Los Angeles County to be a separate metropolitan area?
Other than L.A. which other county do many people commute to?
Other than the 1980s, in which decade did most of San Bernardino and Riverside Counties develop?
What was developed in 1980?
What counties to most people commute to?
What formed in the Coachella Valley north of Orange County?
What counties near Kern-Bakersfield County was population growth high?
What kind of climate does southern California maintain?
Other than many sunny days, what characteristic is typical for the climate in souther California?
What is the low end of the temperature range in summer?
How frequent is snow in the Southwest of the state?
What is the high end of the temperature range in winter?
What type of climate does California have?
Where are summer temperature ranges 70-50s?
Where are winter temperature ranges 90-60s?
What is rare on the Southeast of the state?
What term best describes southern California's collection of landscapes?
The region spans starting at islands found in which body of water?
What type of landscapes other than geologic and natural ecosystem landscapes can be found in southern California?
The region spans which mountains other than the Transverse ranges?
The mountain ranges tail off into what kind of geographical formation?
What types of collections does desert California have?
What ocean has the Transverse and Peninsular Ranges?
What ocean has large and small interior valleys?
What area has the most diversity of anywhere in the country?
How many earthquakes does southern California experience in a year?
Generally speaking, what size are the earthquakes that hit southern California?
What magnitude was the 1994 Northridge earthquake?
What kind of destruction did the 1994 earthquake cause the most of in US history?
How much was the 1994 earthquake estimated to have cost?
What year was the Northridge earthquake that caused $20 million in damage?
What earthquake caused $20 million in damage?
How many earthquakes does the state of California have each year?
How many earthquakes are greater than a 4.7 magnitude?
Which fault can produce a magnitude earthquake of 8.0?
What magnitude of earthquake can many faults produce?
Other than the San Jacinto Fault, and the Elsinore Fault, name one other fault.
Which organization released a California Earthquake forecast?
The earthquake forecast models what features of earthquakes in California?
What fault can produce a magnitude 8.7 event?
What faults other than the San Andreas can produce a magnitude 8.0 event? 
What did the UGSS release?
What does the UGSS California Earthquake forecast model?
Southern California's distinctive regions are divided culturally, politically and what other trait?
Outside of national recognition, what other kind of recognition do some of the cities get?
Cities that anchor the regions are often the hub for what kind of activity?
What are regions anchored by that are recognized globally?
What are the globally recognized anchor cities known for?
How is California divided?
Southern California had a population of 22,680,010 according to the census from which year?
What does southern California have a reputation for?
What is the state average growth rate?
What kind of economy did northern California start to grow in the 2000s?
Which region began to grow and assert itself in the 2000s?
What census showed southern California as having a population of 26,860, 010?
How much did southern California grow in the year 2000?
What economy started growing in the Greater Bay Region?
What city is in the Greater Bay Region?
What is the name associated with the eight areas that make up a part of southern California?
How many extended metropolitan areas are there?
Each of the extended metropolitan areas has a population that exceeds what number?
What does the El Centro metropolitan area and San Diego-Carslbad-San Marcos metropolitan area form?
What is the population of the Greater Los Angeles Area?
What consists of one Metropolitan Statistical Area?
What consists of eight Combined Statistical Areas?
What area has a population of 17,786,914?
What area has a population of 5,105,786?
What areas are north of Greater Santa Barbara?
What is the largest city in all of California?
What is the population of the second largest city in California?
How many cities in southern California have over 200,000 residents?
There are 34 cities in southern California that have a population exceeding what number?
Other than San Bernardino, which other developed southern Californian city is not in close proximity to the coast?
What are the two largest cities in the United States?
Where are there 34 cities over 200,000 in population?
Where are there 12 cities over 100,000 in population?
What city has a population of 3.3 million people?
What city has a population of 1.7 million people?
What resource is the economy of southern California depedent on?
Southern California is most famous for tourism and what notably named district?
The region was a leader in what event between 2001 - 2007?
Southern California's economy can be described as one of the largest in the United States and what other characteristic?
What was the effect of the housing crash on the region?
Who does the largest economy in the United States belong to?
What took place during 2000-2017?
What is southern California's economy completely dependent upon?
Where is southern Hollywood located?
Motion pictures, petroleum and aircraft manufacturing have been major industries since which decade?
What characteristic best describes the agricultural regions that could be found?
Which type of livestock was the argricultural region known for?
Outside of livestock, what else was considered a major industry in the agriculture regions?
What industry has managed to survive major military spending cutbacks?
What have been major industries since 1902?
What were major industries until suburbs were turned into farmlands?
What is a major factor even with aerospace cutbacks?
What year were farmlands turned into suburbs?
What type of district is southern California home to many of?
What does CBD stand for?
What is the only district in the CBD to not have "downtown" in it's name?
What does CDB stand for?
What does CDB include?
What does DCB stand for?
Downtown Burbank is an example of what kind of district?
Downtown Santa Monica and Downtown Glendale are a part of which area?
Warner Center is located in which area?
Century City is an example of a district that belongs to which city?
What business districts are within the downtown Los Angeles area?
What main business district is in downtown Los Angeles itself?
What additional business districts are in downtown Los Angeles itself?
The Sand Bernardino - Riverside area maintains what kind of district?
Other than San Bernardino, what is the name of the other city that maintains the districts including University Town?
Other than Downtown San Bernardino, and University Town, what is the name of another business district in the San Bernardino-Riverside area?
What business districts does the San Bernardino area maintain?
What business districts does the Riverside area maintain?
Which county is developing its business center?
Where are international corporations headquartered?
Jamboree Business Parks belongs to which business center?
What other business district does Orange County envelop outside of Downtown Santa Ana and Newport Center?
At what rate is Orange County developing its business centers?
What county does the rapidly developing downtown Santa Ana include?
What districts does downtown Santa Ana include?
What locations are headquartered at the California University at Irvine?
What includes Irvine Center Tech and Business Jamboree Parks?
What is the central business district of San Diego?
Other than its main central  business district, where are the majority of San Diego's business districts located?
Outside of Northern San Diego, which other region contains business districts?
University City is an example of a business district located in which city?
What is the central business district of downtown San Diego?
What are located in Northern downtown San Diego?
What business districts are located in Northern downtown San Diego?
What is the second busiest airport in the United States?
What is the metric they use to determine how busy airports are?
What ranking in terms of busiest airports from international passenger volume is the Los Angeles International Airport?
Which airport is home to the busiest single runway in the world?
What is the world's busiest general aviation airport?
What is the busiest airport by passenger volume in the United States?
What is the second-busiest single runway airport in the world?
What is the second-busiest general aviation airport?
What major commercial airports are located in Los Angeles?
What is the name of the commuter rail system?
How many lines does the commuter rail system have?
How many lines run out of Downtown Los Angeles?
A single line connects San Bernardino, Riverside and what other county?
Where do seven lines of Metrolink run out of?
What is the name of the Los Angeles rail system?
What counties are connected to Los Angeles, Ventura, and San Bernardino by one line?
What is the United States busiest commercial port?
What is the second busiest container port in the United States?
The Port of Long Beach belongs to which region of California?
What is home to Southern California?
What is the busiest container port in the United States?
What is the Port of San Diego adjacent to?
What is the United State's second-busiest commercial port?
What is the moniker that is being used to describe the region's diversified technology?
What kind of universities is the region famous for?
What kind of university is the California Institute of Technology?
How many campuses does the University of California have?
How many campuses does the California State University have?
What are the 5 California University campuses?
How many California University campuses are there?
How many State of California University campuses are there?
Where is Redland University located?
Where is Pomona University located?
The Los Angeles Rams are an example of what kind of sports team?
The Los Angeles Clippers are a team belonging to which sport?
The Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim are from which sport?
What is the other NHL team aside from the Anaheim Ducks to reside in Southern California?
What is the lone MLS team that belongs to southern California?
What NLF teams are from Southern California?
What NAB teams are from Southern California?
What MBL teams are from Southern California?
What NLH teams are from Southern California?
What MSL team is from Southern California?
Which team was suspended from the MLS?
How many teams did Los Angeles used to have?
Which year resulted in the suspension of one of the two soccer teams?
What was the name of the stadium that the teams played in?
When is the suspended team scheduled to return?
How many Major Soccer League teams were in Los Angeles from 2005-2014?
What Major Soccer League teams played in Los Angeles in 2014?
When were the LA Galaxy suspended?
When is a second MSL team scheduled to return?
What other kind of sport is popular in southern California?
The Bruins belong to which college?
What is the name of the team from USC?
Which conference do the teams in southern California play in?
The two listed teams play for which NCAA group?
What is the ULCA mascot?
What is the UCS mascot?
What conference are both ULCA and UCS part of?
What is a growing sport in southern California?
At which level of education is this sport becoming more popular?
What is rugby rapidly becoming with high schools?
What sport is growing in all California schools?
What company was formed by the merger of Sky Television and British Satellite Broadcasting?
Who is the UK's largest digital subscription television company?
What year did BSkyB acquire Sky Italia?
What is the name of the holding company for BSkyB?
What is the name of the United Kingdom operation for BSkyB?
What company was angry about the merger of Sky Television and British Satellite Broadcasting?
Who is the UK's smallest digital subscription television company?
What year did BSkyB remove Sky Italia?
When did BSkyB become the largest US television company?
What company no longer trades as Sky?
What year was Setanta Sports awarded Primeier Leage rights to broadcast?
How many of the six total packages available to broadcasters was Setanta awarded?
Who purhcased the remaining 4 pacakages available to broadcasters?
How much did Sky bid to win the 4 broadcast pacakges they bought?
Which company had a short legal battle with the European Commission?
How many of the six total packages available to broadcasters did Setanta give away?
Sky lost how many packages?
How much did Sky bid to lose the 4 broadcast packages?
What channel was never dropped from Sky?
What consortium was BSkyB excluded from?
Who did BSkyB team up with because it was not part of the consortium?
How many BSkyB channels were available to customers prior to October 2005?
What channel replaced Sky Travel?
What was Sky Travel later rebranded as?
What consortium was BSkyB included with?
What was Pick TV later rebranded as?
What channel came before Sky Travel?
Who did BSkyB team up with because it was part of the consortium?
What channel was never rebranded?
What service did BSkyB chare additional subscription fees for?
When did Sky launch a TV advertising campaign target towards women?
WHat allows customers to get Sky+ functions if they do not subscribe to BSkyB's channels?
When did BSkyB discontinue the Sky+ Box?
What replaced the Sky+Box?
What service did BSkyB give away for free unconditionally?
When did Sky launch a TV advertising campaign target towards men?
What isn't required by customers to get Sky+ functions if they do not subscribe to BSkyB's channels?
When did BSkyB upgrade the Sky+ Box?
What replaced the Sky+HD Box?
What is the name of the TV scrambling system BSkyB uses?
Who is VideoGuard owned by?
Who is the parent company of NDS?
Who has design authority over all of the digital satellite receivers that are capable of using their service?
What is the name brand of the personal video recorder that BSkyB offers?
What is the name of the TV scrambling system BSkyB couldn't use?
Whose digital receivers are only built by one manufacturer?
What is available as stand-alone DVB CAMs?
What company was never involved with NDS?
What is the name brand of the video recorder that BSkyB never sold?
What year did BSkyB and Virgin Media have a dispute over the carriage of Sky Channels on cable TV?
What channels were removed from the network in March of 2007?
What did Virgin Media claim BSkyB did that resulted Virgin not carrying the channels anymore?
What additional srevice did BSkyB offer besides HD channels that they claimed offered "substantially more value"?
What additional srevice did BSkyB offer besides Video on Demand that they claimed offered "substantially more value"?
What year did BSkyB and Virgin Media have an agreement over the carriage of Sky Channels on cable TV?
What channels were always available on the network?
What additional service did BSkyB offer besides HD channels that they claimed offered no value?
What claim did BSkyB agree with?
When were basic channels first introduced by BSkyB?
when did the English High court find Microsoft's use of the term "SkyDrive" infringed on Sky's right?
What year did BSkyB and Microsoft announce their settlement?
What did Microsoft announce that it would rename Sky Drive to?
What did Microsoft announce that it would rename Sky Drive Pro to?
What kind of service is the SkyDrive Service?
When did the English High Court of Justice find that Microsoft’s use of the term "SkyDrive" did not infringe on Sky’s right to the "Sky" trademark?
When did Microsoft decide to appeal the ruling?
What did Microsoft announce that it would rename OneDrive to?
What did Microsoft announce that it would rename OneDrive for Business to?
When did Microsoft announce OneDrive will soon become SkyDrive?
Who was the chief executive officer when the service began?
Who's satellites would the new free-to-air channels be broadcast from?
When did BSkyB end their analogue service?
What platform caused BSkyB to end their analogue service?
How many households had BSkyB service in 1994?
What platform helped BSkyB to avoid ending their analogue service?
Whose satellites were never broadcast as free-to-air?
How many subscribers were lost within two months of launch from BSkyB?
Who commended the operations in front of the Select Committee on National Heritage?
Which company never expanded their platform?
Sky UK Limited is formerly known by what name?
What kind of company is Sky UK Limited?
How many customers does Sky UK Limited have as a pay-TV broadcaster as of 2015?
what other digital TV service took Sky UK Limited's most popular spot?
Sky UK Limited is now known by what name?
What has Sky UK Limited never been involved with?
How many customers did Sky UK Limited lose as a pay-TV broadcaster as of 2015?
What was the UK's least popular TV service in 2015?
Where did the headquarters relocate from?
What is the name of Sky Q's broadband router?
What are the Sky Q mini set top boxes able to connect to?
What does connecting different Sky Q boxes enable them to do?
When is Sky going to introduce UHD broadcasts?
When are the new Sky Q products going to be available?
What is the name of Sky Q's dial-up router?
What are the Sky Q mini set top boxes never able to connect to?
What does disconnecting different Sky Q boxes enable them to do?
What set top box can no longer display UHD broadcasts?
What are BSkyB's standard definition broadcasts compliant with?
Sky Movies and Sky Box office also include what optional soundtracks?
What is Sky+ HD material broadcast using?
What is the proprietary system that Sky+HD uses?
What does most of the HD material use as a standard?
What box is required to view MPEG-3?
What is the proprietary system that Sky+HD can't use?
What channel never used looping video streams?
What kind of soundtracks are mandatory with the Sky Movies and Sky Box Office channels?
When was Sky Digital launched?
What satellite was used when Sky digital was launched?
What satellite enabled Sky Digital to launch an all new digital service?
How many television and radio channels could the new digital service carry?
What is the position of the satellite that allowed sky to broadcast channels almost elclusively for the United Kingdom?
What service used Astra 2A in 1995?
What satellite made it impossible for Sky Digital to launch an all new digital service?
How many television and radio channels did the digital service get rid of?
When was the only satellite launched?
When did BSkyB launch it's HDTV service?
How many people were registered to receive the HD service prior to launch?
What was the name of the set top box manufacturer that BSkyB was having issues with?
What was the number of customers that the BBC  reported had yet to receive the service due to failed deliveries?
What was the total number of homes Sky announced that had Sky+HD in March of 2012?
When did BSkyB fail launching it's HDTV service?
Which manufacturer never had supply issues when dealing with BSkyB?
How many people never registered to receive the HD service prior to launch?
Who reported that 17,000 customers received the service due to failed deliveries?
When did Sky announce the total number of homes with Sky+HD was 3,222,000?
When did BSkyB announce it's intention to replace it's free-to-air digital channels?
When did Setanta Sports say it would launch as a subscription service?
What platform was Sentanta Sports planning on launching on?
What were NTL's services rebranded as?
What does BSkyB's sport portfolio include?
When did BSkyB announce it's intention to improve it's free-to-air digital channels?
When did Setanta Sports say it would launch as a free service on the digital terrestrial platform?
What platform was Sentanta Sports planning to avoid launching on?
What was Virgin Media rebranded as?
What channel lost advertising revenue due to their plans?
What are free-to-air encrypted broadcasts known as?
What do some encrypted broadcasts require to view?
What does a receiver have to be equipped with to view encrypted content?
What is the universal band that digital recievers will receive free to air channels on?
What service is a VideoGuard UK equipped receiver dedicated to decrypt?
What do encrypted broadcasts never require?
What does a receiver have to be equipped with to view unencrypted content?
What is the localized band that digital receivers will receive to air channels on?
What service is a VideoGuard UK equipped receiver never able to decrypt?
What band is fitted in the middle of the satellite dish?
When were the talks held for braodcast right to the Primier league for a five year period from the 1992 season?
Who were the current rights holders for the Primer League?
What did ITV increase their yearly offer for control of the rights to broadcast the Primer League to?
Who was given the highlights of most of the matches?
How much was BSkyB going to pay for the Primier League rights?
What company was not concerned about retaining new rights?
How much did BSkyB pay to give up their rights for Premier League?
 Who never saw highlights of most of the matches?
Who were never rights holders for the Premier League?
Who does BSkyB have an operating license from?
what is the fee range for accessing BSkyB's EPG?
Can BSkyB veto the presence of channels on their EPG?
Does BSkyB carry any control over a channels content?
Does BSkyB carry any control over the picture quality of a channel?
Who took away the operating license from BSkyB?
What company has veto over the presence of channels on their EPG?
What can BSkyB veto the presence of channels on?
What service doesn't require a fee to use?
When was BSkyB's digital service launched?
What was the name of BSkyB's digital service launched under?
What did BSkyB name their interactive service?
Who did BSkyB compete with initially?
Within the 30 days how many digiboxes had been sold?
When was BSkyB's digital service unofficially launched?
What company supported BSkyB the most?
Within 30 days how many digiboxes had been discarded?
When did BSkyB decide to stop giving away free digiboxes?
When was virgin media rebranded from NTL Telewest?
what was NTL Telewest re-branded to in 2007?
What did Virgin Media concentrate on instead of offering linear channels?
What was the one linear HD channel Virgin Media carried from November 2006 to July 2009?
what was the name of the other HD channel Virgin media could carry in the future?
When was NTL Telewest rebranded from Virgin Media?
What did Virgin Media ignore while offering linear channels?
What was the one linear SD channel Virgin Media carried from November 2006 to July 2009?
What channel never had an HD version?
How many homes had BSkyB's direct-to-home satellite service available to them in 2010?
How large was the audience BSkyB said they could reach?
When did BSkyB first announce their target goal?
What was the target percentage of households BSkyB wanted to reach?
What was happening to subscriber numbers in other areas of europe?
How many homes had BSkyB's direct-to-home satellite service unavailable to them in 2010?
How small was the audience BSkyB said they couldn't reach?
What was the percentage of households BSkyB never reached?
What free TV platform was most popular in Europe at this time?
What did Alec Shelbrooke propose payments of benefits to be made on?
What could the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program purchase?
what did the UK parliment hear that a subscription to BSkyB was?
What was the UK governments benefits agenchy checking in 2012?
What did the benefits agency think sports channels on a TV bill meant?
What did Alec Shelbrooke propose payments of benefits never be made on?
What could the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program never sell?
What did the UK parliment decide that a subscription to BSkyB was?
What did the benefits agency think sports channels on a TV bill ignored?
What was the UK governments benefits agency destroying in 2012?
What were the annual carriage fees for the channels?
Does the new deal include Video on demand and High Definition?
What company agreed to terminate high court proceedings with BSkyB?
What company agreed to terminate high court proceedings with Virgin Media?
What were high court proceedings being held about?
What were the weekly carriage fees for the channels?
What company did not agree to terminate high court proceedings with BSkyB?
What were local court proceedings being held about?
Which companies never agreed to terminate their court proceedings against each other?
Which company still offers Video On Demand and HD?
What kind of economy does Victoria have?
Where according to gross state product does Victoria rank in Australia?
At what rank does GPS per capita set Victoria?
What city in Victoria is called the sporting capital of Australia?
What is the largest stadium in Australia?
What kind of education does Victoria have?
Where according to net domestic product does Victoria rank in Australia?
At what rank is GPS service in Victoria?
What city in Victoria is called the cricket ground of Australia?
How many public universities are in Melbourne?
Where is the Asian influence strongest in Victoria?
Where were the Lambing Flat riots?
Where was the 1857 riot?
How many miners died in the typhoid outbreak of 1854?
What were the conditions for miners in the gold fields in Victoria?
Where is the Asian gold miners strongest in Victoria?
Where were the pro-Chinese riots?
Where was the 1857 gold rush?
How many miners died from racism violence in 1854?
What were the conditions for miners in Ireland and China?
What kind of representational system does the Victorian Legislative Council have?
How many electorates does the State of Victoria have?
How many representatives does each electorate have?
What is the term of office for each house member?
How often are elections held for the Victorian Parliament?
How many electorates does the Legislative Council have?
How many representatives does each state have?
How often are elections held by upper house members?
In what month does the Victorian Parliament register voters?
What political party is strongest in Melbourne's working class suburbs?
What party is strongest in Melbourne's affluent areas?
